Update default issue template (#1098)
wandb/docs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/general_issue.md

---
name: general_issue
about: Default issue template
title: Feedback or issue summary
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> **W&B employees**: Please file a DOCS JIRA instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B employees: Please file a doc JIRA instead, using this template: https://wandb.atlassian.net/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?priority=3&pid=10026&issuetype=10047)
```

Reviewer: Will this even render in Markdown, though? If this templates presents as raw editable text maybe we should jettison the asterisks, braces, and parentheses?
